person holds left arm up with left hand putting something into face area
a person walks straight slowly.
a person moves their arm in broad strokes up and down, and then back and forth.
a person slowly stepped backwards
a person balances on one foot while moving their other, and then switches.
a man is playing tennis.
a person both his hands raised moving sideways and bends forward and touches his feet.
a figure dances with their arms in the air.
a person walks forward, stumbles, and then continues to walk forward.
a person walks diagonally backwards
a person walks forward and stops.
a person sits down and talks with their hands.
using hands to wipe something
a person moves his right arm outward, whilst his other arm is near their hip. the person then makes a shovelling movement with both their hands.
with arms out to the sides a person walks forward
a person raises their right hand to their face.
a person does jumping jacks fast.
the person is doing jumping jacks.
a man raises up his hands ,moves them right to left trying to find something and then lowers them down.
a person reaches forward with their right arm
person is standing and stretching out their triceps
the person is putting something in a mixing bowl.
a person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
a person gestures with both arms.
a person walks clockwise from the 3 o'clock position to the 11 o'clock position.
a person dancing and spinning side to side.
a person walks in a clock wise circle and stops were he began.
a person lowers to ground and walks on all fours.
a man runs forwards diagonally and then pivots ninety degrees and runs
a person climbs a step while walking.
someone's using both arms to gesticulate to these rhymes, im a little teapot, "pick me over and pour me out"
a person kicks their right leg up twice while hopping between feet, then punches their right arm
a person moving backwards anti clock wise while drawing a line with its feat
a man sprints forward then goes down to all fours continuing forward and stands back up.
a person bends over and looks around.
a person waves with his right hand.
a person walks in a circle counter-clockwise.
runs at a bend going left to right and increasing the speed along the way.
a person stands on his left leg, swings his right leg out to the side, back, and then he returns to a two-legged standing position.
person takes slow steps forward slightly diagonally to their right
a man turns to the right and walks by the sides to the right and then to the left .
a person in a defensive pose leans right then left.
a person walks forward rather slowly.
a person walks forward then turns around and walks back.
a man repositions objects on a shelf then steps back away from them.
a person does a jump
a person is waving with his right hand.
someone steps back with their right foot and then sits down while placing his hands on his knees with elbows out.
someone is dancing they start off a clap and moves their arms around while moving their feet forward and backwards
person stand in t position, interlocks hands, then returns to t
